Address latest round of unpriv ARC feedback (#675)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/riscv-unpriv-integration.adoc

.Memory address bounds encoded within a capability
image::../cheri/img/cap-bounds-map.png[width=80%,align=center]

> NOTE: <<SCADDR>> updates the address field of a capability and then checks that the updated capability is still valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: <<SCADDR>> updates the address field of a capability and, if the {ctag} was previously set, sets the {ctag} of the output if the updated capability is still valid.
```

{cheri_base_ext_name} extend existing instructions that are used for handling addresses so that they manipulate a whole capability.

* The affected operands change type from *x* to *c* to represent this. #ARC-COMMENT: What does this actually mean?  What type is x versus c?#
* Whenever the address field of any capability is modified, it is _always_ updated using <<SCADDR>> semantics. #ARC-COMMENT: Capabilities are not modified.  Capabilites are either input source operands or results from an instruction, they are not modified in place by an instruction.  This should be stated as a rule on results of operations.#
* Any instruction that writes back an address (e.g., <<AUIPC_CHERI>> or <<CSRRW_CHERI>>) to the destination register, writes a full capability register instead.

>  #ARC-COMMENT: Doesn't this rule apply to all instructions that operate on a capability?  Or are there instructions that will always convert result to a non-capability?  The rule should be stated more cleanly - the instructions don't know if values are addresses, and non-capability values can be addresses.#

Reviewer: I guess we have some work to do here to specify result types

Author: Tried to clarify this now.

Reviewer: What we have is good enough for now - it may change following review next week

* <<section_cheri_vector_integration,Vector load and stores>>.
* Atomic memory accesses, see <<zaamo_cheri>> and <<zalrsc_cheri>>.

> Also note that the RVC encodings C.FSD, C.FLD, C.FSDSP, C.FLDSP are remapped to load/store capability data instead.#ARC-COMMENT: These are not part of the base.#

Reviewer: yes - these should move
